answer.md, before:

Here are some developed products / deliverables I created. They some representative projects of me. Others which are open source can be found in my Github page: https://github.com/lm2343635.

### 1. My Homepage, a Blog System
This is a blog system by myself, it is also my homepage. You can see the introduction of me in this blog system. I have wrote some blogs in this blog system.

- Platform: Web
- Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript
- Supported Languagues: English, Simplified Chinese and Japanese.
- Features
	- Add, modify and delete the category and blog.
	- Add pictures or attachment file in a blog.
	- Search a blog by keyword of title.
	- Review and comment.
- URL: http://fczm.pw 
- Source Code: https://github.com/lm2343635/Blog

![Blog](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lm2343635/Blog/master/screenshoot/blog.png)

### 2. Easy Finance, a Financial Application for Individual User
Easy finance is my graduation project, it includes a Web application and an iOS Application. 

- Platform: Web & iOS
- Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript, Objective-C
- Supported Languagues: English.
- Features
	- Manage account book easily.
	- Create a report with graph.
	- Record any you want.
	- Use your money wisely.
- URL: http://easy.fczm.pw
- - Source Code: https://github.com/lm2343635/EasyFinance, https://github.com/lm2343635/AccountManagement

![EasyFinance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lm2343635/EasyFinance/master/screenshoot/easyfinance.png)

You can see the demo here: http://easy.fczm.pw. Demo account is tom@126.com with password 123.

Source code of iOS application is here: https://github.com/lm2343635/AccountManagement
 
### 3. Rate Assistant
Rate Assistant is an exchange rate app, which provides real time rate, rate history and customer notification. It has such features.

- Search current and historical currency exchange rate.
- Display favorite currencies on the home page after signing in.
- Monitoring specific exchange rate by subscription.
- Push notification to your iOS devices when the exchange rate reaches the threshold.

Rate Assistant supports Android and iOS now! Android version only supports rate search now, other functions will be added in the future.

Rate Assistant is developed by MuShare Group(https://github.com/MuShare), and I am responsible for it's iOS client and the deploy of Web Service.

#### Web Service
- Programming Languages: Java
- Frameworks: Spring, Spring MVC, Hibernate

#### iOS Client
- Programming Languages: Objective-C
- Supported Languagues: English, Simplified Chinese and Japanese.
- App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1139573801

![Rate-iOS](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MuShare/Rate-iOS/master/Images/rate_iOS.png)

#### Andriod Client
- Programming Languages: Java
- Supported Languagues: English.
- Google Play:  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mushare.rate

![Rate-Android](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MuShare/Rate-Android/master/Images/rate_android.png)

### 4. Httper
Httper is a REST API test tool running on your iOS devices. It helps developers to test their REST API anywhere and anytime without desktops.

Some features of Httper: 

- Developers can submit a HTTP request with several headers, parameters and row request body by 9 different HTTP methods including GET, POST, HEAD, PUT, DELETE, CONNECT, OPTIONS, TRACE and PATCH. HTTP response can be shown as three styles including **pretty**, **row** and **preview**. Response status code and headers are also supported in Httper.
- Supports to synchronize request history between multiple devices with your account signing in. Your request history can be synchronized from cloud in a new device if you sign in your account.
- Some Internet tools are included in Httper:
	- Ping a domain or IP address.
	- Whois search.
	- Get device public IP info, WiFi info and cellular info.

Httper consists of a Web service for request synchronization and an iOS client. You can visit http://httper.mushare.cn to know more about Httper.

![Httper](https://github.com/lm2343635/Httper/raw/master/Screenshoot/httper.jpg)

#### Web Service
- Programming Languages: Java
- Frameworks: Spring, Spring MVC, Hibernate
- URL: http://httper.mushare.cn

#### iOS Client
- Programming Languages: Swift, Objective-C
- Supported Languagues: English.
- App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/app/httper/id1166884043

Commit message:

Add introduction of Tsukuba Net and Lucky Dogs.

answer.md, after:

Here are some developed products / deliverables I created. They some representative projects of me. Others which are open source can be found in my Github page: https://github.com/lm2343635.

### 1. My Homepage, a Blog System
This is a blog system by myself, it is also my homepage. You can see the introduction of me in this blog system. I have wrote some blogs in this blog system.

- Platform: Web
- Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript
- Supported Languagues: English, Simplified Chinese and Japanese.
- Features
	- Add, modify and delete the category and blog.
	- Add pictures or attachment file in a blog.
	- Search a blog by keyword of title.
	- Review and comment.
- URL: http://fczm.pw 
- Source Code: https://github.com/lm2343635/Blog

![Blog](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lm2343635/Blog/master/screenshoot/blog.png)

### 2. Easy Finance, a Financial Application for Individual User
Easy finance is my graduation project, it includes a Web application and an iOS Application. 

- Platform: Web & iOS
- Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript, Objective-C
- Supported Languagues: English.
- Features
	- Manage account book easily.
	- Create a report with graph.
	- Record any you want.
	- Use your money wisely.
- URL: http://easy.fczm.pw
- Source Code: https://github.com/lm2343635/EasyFinance, https://github.com/lm2343635/AccountManagement

![EasyFinance](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lm2343635/EasyFinance/master/screenshoot/easyfinance.png)

You can see the demo here: http://easy.fczm.pw. Demo account is tom@126.com with password 123.

Source code of iOS application is here: https://github.com/lm2343635/AccountManagement
 
### 3. Rate Assistant
Rate Assistant is an exchange rate app, which provides real time rate, rate history and customer notification. It has such features.

- Search current and historical currency exchange rate.
- Display favorite currencies on the home page after signing in.
- Monitoring specific exchange rate by subscription.
- Push notification to your iOS devices when the exchange rate reaches the threshold.

Rate Assistant supports Android and iOS now! Android version only supports rate search now, other functions will be added in the future.

Rate Assistant is developed by MuShare Group(https://github.com/MuShare), and I am responsible for it's iOS client and the deploy of Web Service.

#### Web Service
- Programming Languages: Java
- Frameworks: Spring, Spring MVC, Hibernate

#### iOS Client
- Programming Languages: Objective-C
- Supported Languagues: English, Simplified Chinese and Japanese.
- App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1139573801

![Rate-iOS](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MuShare/Rate-iOS/master/Images/rate_iOS.png)

#### Andriod Client
- Programming Languages: Java
- Supported Languagues: English.
- Google Play:  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mushare.rate

![Rate-Android](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MuShare/Rate-Android/master/Images/rate_android.png)

### 4. Httper
Httper is a REST API test tool running on your iOS devices. It helps developers to test their REST API anywhere and anytime without desktops.

Some features of Httper: 

- Developers can submit a HTTP request with several headers, parameters and row request body by 9 different HTTP methods including GET, POST, HEAD, PUT, DELETE, CONNECT, OPTIONS, TRACE and PATCH. HTTP response can be shown as three styles including **pretty**, **row** and **preview**. Response status code and headers are also supported in Httper.
- Supports to synchronize request history between multiple devices with your account signing in. Your request history can be synchronized from cloud in a new device if you sign in your account.
- Some Internet tools are included in Httper:
	- Ping a domain or IP address.
	- Whois search.
	- Get device public IP info, WiFi info and cellular info.

Httper consists of a Web service for request synchronization and an iOS client. You can visit http://httper.mushare.cn to know more about Httper.

![Httper](https://github.com/lm2343635/Httper/raw/master/Screenshoot/httper.jpg)

#### Web Service
- Programming Languages: Java
- Frameworks: Spring, Spring MVC, Hibernate
- URL: http://httper.mushare.cn

#### iOS Client
- Programming Languages: Swift, Objective-C
- Supported Languagues: English.
- App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/app/httper/id1166884043

### 5. Tsukuba Net
This is an iOS App for auto web auth in the hirasuna and oikoshi student dormitory at University of Tsukuba. We can use this app to replace web auth using browser in our PC. This app support 3D touch to call auth directly before saved your username and password. 

- Platform: iOS
- Programming Languages: Objective-C
- Supported Languagues: English, Simplified Chinese and Japanese.
- App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1139422363
- Source Code: https://github.com/lm2343635/WebAuth

### 6. Lucky Dogs

Lucky Dogs is drawing lots iOS app to choose one or more persons from serval participators randomly. In Lucky Dogs, click add or minus button to decide the number of participators and lucky dogs. Just start, put your and other participators' fingers on the screen. Points for lucky dogs will become red!

- Platform: iOS
- Programming Languages: Swift
- Supported Languagues: English and Simplified Chinese.
- App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1201592794
- Source Code: https://github.com/lm2343635/Lots
